No.
It's always a party time in somebody's home and for the your authority.
It makes the poppy.
You could give your cakes that professional air when you i summer home.
I think,
khun,
be a fascinating hobby,
and there's no limit to the variety of designs you can create once you've had a little press,
even beautiful birthday cakes like this one.
Now he's a simple funded icing that could be rolled on the board just as you would a
pastry.
It's a mixture of glucose,
egg,
right and arson sugar.
You mix it in the basement color flavor as you desire,
then,
with a rolling pin,
roll it out to the size and shape that you required to cover your case.
It's quite easily done.
It's soft and pliable,
and yet it's very easily handled.
Wrote smoothly and even leaves press it
lightly into shape.
Leave it with the palm of your hand.
All there is to it.
No to cover the case to enable this fund and icing
to cling to the cake after it's cut,
brush it with egg or rethink this gas tonight because
james will do bash it carefully around the sides from the
top show that it's completely covered.
Now to put the icing on the cake.
Well,
you would pastry around your rolling pin.
Lift up in,
carefully transferred onto the case and a nro.
It's just too easy of that.
Move with the palms of the hands,
which is invested with icing sugar and pushed the icing
show that completely covered the case.
See how you feel.
We've prepared that board covered with blue tinsel paper just to make it attractive.
Now lift this cake back onto the prepared board and
again,
a few finishing touches.
Just smooth dog.
The arson sugar makes it glossy and appearance.
The hands smooth out the wrinkles,
and then you have a cake with a professional finished,
too.
A different kind of icing is used for decorating and furbish.
We recommend royal icing.
It's a mixture off beaten egg,
white and pure icing sugar.
Pure sugar into the basin and big vigorously
until the mixture will hold its shape.
Only pure ice in cuba should be used for this kind of icing.
I think mixture has a percentage of corn flour in it,
and for that it is quite unsuitable for moralizing.
Tented carefully with vegetable coloring.
You lied all shades for cake making,
so add the color sparingly again.
They vigorously to make sure the color is evenly blended
in the icing.
Catholic.
I think with a damp cloth to stop a crushed forming on a fast is not in
use.
And now for our equipment.
These are seen tubes and necessary for decorating.
The first is a writing to a plain one for letters or writing.
The second is a stopped you for borders,
ages or scrolls.
A larger star pipe might be useful for heavier decoration.
A leaf pipe has a serrated blade and a rose.
A people pipe is used for making roses,
daisies or other flowers.
Each tube has a metal thread,
which fits onto a tube attached to an icing bag.
All pipes are interchangeable.
The bag is made from a waterproof material available from any drapery store.
To fill the bag with icing,
take a spoon for off the prepared royal icing and put it in your
not too much for your findings.
The handle.
I grew up in kabaddi bashing again with the damn cross.
Now we're ready to commence at decorative work.
Roses are always fascinating on cakes,
and these are brought up on toothpicks through that pickle pikey
around and around a toothpick with a half circle movement.
Build the pickles up,
one by one with and relaxing a little firmer
than you have for other pipe work on the plate.
Allowed to dry.
And then put it on too great center of the cape is a letter shape
we made previously on an upturned petty case.
And around this we'll put a circle off these made roses which are now quite
dry.
Apply a little icing to the back of each rose and make a circle of
these roses around the lecher shape in the center of the case.
Same royal icing is used for this.
As for your other decorative work.
Now the plane writing too.
Well put.
I couldn't around the side of the case.
In a plane school up.
True writing pipe at about inch intervals
i like.
Simple.
Yeah,
decorative effect around your cape.
When you become more experienced,
maybe you can have a double scull up around the outside.
Small trails or tender or through a plane rocking you?
I asked,
baste it intervals around the center ornament.
I don't like to hysteria car.
Just a simple little flip of the wrist.
Now for the leaves through a special lead pipe with the green icing
a few little leaves between the roses.
Please circle and you have the center of your case.
Yeah.
This perhaps is the most difficult and requires a little.
We call it the shield and for we use to stop a
large star for a bigger cake.
The smaller star for will,
say,
a half pound cake.
This joins the cake to the board and gives a decorative finish to the
whole of the case.
Charity is finished and ready to take the table.
Uh,
no,
no kids.
Diane's cake.
So let's put some candles on.
The soft,
pliable icing that we put on beginning is quite satisfactory as
a base for your candle.
Stand easily and firmly in this fund.
Are the state party and waiting for the cake here in tears with you,
campbell's.
Dying sun excited.
You're going to blow the map.
Missed one.
No,
that's not bad luck when she has the money to make a lovely case like
match the five issue of woman's day and homes.
You'll get full instructions for making and decorating.
They use novelty cake.
The street barrow cake is a fruitcake.
It's decorated with scraps of funding.
Place in the shape of vegetables.
Fruits.
Comfy.
Dempsey is a fruit cake covered with funding paste marked on the
wall.
Holloway flex for the arms and legs and funding place for his head.
Here's a pretty kate,
mary mary.
Quite contrary from a nursery,
ron.
And it's a transfer patterns picked out with a plane.
I sing,
too.
Another version of the rose cake.
This time a square one and the edging call upset doctor,
we used a few more roses on the corner this time.
The great kate grapes and built up on this cake.
We're not going to,
and the leaves were made more interesting with bran icing.
Put in with the green.
This gives a very good thing.
No.